Update data-tile.md to replace Explorer references with Catalog (#7462)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/explore/data-tile.md

  -  If using manual exposures, they must be explicitly defined in your YAML files.
  - If using automatic downstream exposures, ensure your BI tool is [configured](/docs/cloud-integrations/downstream-exposures-tableau) with <Constant name="cloud" />.
- You have [source freshness](/docs/deploy/source-freshness) enabled in the job that generates this exposure.

> - The exposure used for the  data health tile must have the [`type` property](/docs/build/exposures#available-properties) set to `dashboard`. Otherwise, you won't be able to view the **Embed data health tile in your dashboard** dropdown in dbt Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The exposure used for the data health tile must have the [`type` property](/docs/build/exposures#available-properties) set to `dashboard`. Otherwise, you won't be able to view the **Embed data health tile in your dashboard** dropdown in <Constant name="explorer" />.
```

6. Navigate back to <Constant name="explorer" /> and select an exposure.

   :::tip

>       The exposure used for the  data health tile must have the [`type` property](/docs/build/exposures#available-properties) set to `dashboard`. Otherwise, you won't be able to view the **Embed data health tile in your dashboard** dropdown in dbt Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The exposure used for the  data health tile must have the [`type` property](/docs/build/exposures#available-properties) set to `dashboard`. Otherwise, you won't be able to view the **Embed data health tile in your dashboard** dropdown in <Constant name="explorer" />.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/collaborate/dbt-explorer/tableau-example.png" width="80%" title="Embed data health tile iFrame in Tableau"/>

1. Create a dashboard in Tableau and connect to your database to pull in the data.

> 2. Ensure you've copied the URL or iFrame snippet available in dbt Catalog's **Data health** section, under the **Embed data health into your dashboard** toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Ensure you've copied the URL or iFrame snippet available in <Constant name="explorer" />'s **Data health** section, under the **Embed data health into your dashboard** toggle.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/collaborate/dbt-explorer/sigma-example.jpg" width="90%" title="Embed data health tile in Sigma"/>

1. Create a dashboard in Sigma and connect to your database to pull in the data.

> 2. Ensure you've copied the URL or iFrame snippet available in dbt Catalog's **Data health** section, under the **Embed data health into your dashboard** toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Ensure you've copied the URL or iFrame snippet available in <Constant name="explorer" />'s **Data health** section, under the **Embed data health into your dashboard** toggle.
```
